---
tags:
- quotes
title: Quotes & Saying
excerpt: Some things you won't find elsewhere
key: Quotes
---
# Sayings, Observations, & Thoughts

This is a collection of sayings I've collected over the years and now have transferred them from paper.

## General

> Don't do what you don't want to do in your heart.
>
> -- S

> You can't please everyone, so you might as well please your Mom.
>
> -- S

> Assholes are forever.
>
> -- S

> I am human and ashamed.
>
> -- S

> ... if mankind fails to find a harmonious solution, then there will be disaster on a dimension beyond anyone's imagination.
>
> -- Einstein

> We need more than a hotline to save us from chaos. We need a meeting of the minds.
>
> -- Einstein

> If you look too far ahead you are sure to be discouraged.
>
> -- S. M. Vermeil

> Time will be a waste unless you make something of it.
>
> -- J McNeil

> Looks closely and you shall find what you seek.
>
> -- S

> THe more patient you are wit your questions, the faster their be answered.
>
> -- D. Backlund

> Your only limitations are those which you set for yourself.
>
> -- ?

> The brightest dawn comes after the darkest night.
>
> -- ?

> Mistakes are what keep us from perfection.
>
> -- S

> You can't buy or even earn someone's love, it comes naturally.
>
> -- S. Cannon

> If you attempt perfection, then you will surely achieve excellence.
>
> -- S

> One today is worth two tomorrows.
>
> -- B. Franklin

> A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
>
> -- B. Franklin

> There is no little enemy.
>
> -- B. Franklin

> The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
>
> -- R. W. Emerson

> Achieve excellence, then achieve better.
>
> -- S

> All the world's a stage. And all the men and women merely players, each of whom will get their change to be applauded.
>
> -- W. Shakespeare

> People don't want to be organized.
>
> -- S

> Girls are expensive, but can you can't put a price on love.
>
> -- S

> Only fools are not afraid.
>
> -- T. Bikel

> We realize how much we miss something once we see it again.
>
> -- S

> Life is an artificial concept.
>
> -- D. Hoehne

> If you can't beat 'em, leave 'em.
>
> -- S

> Perfection is unlimitation.
>
> -- R. Bach

> Behind every good tech crew there is a cast.
>
> -- ?

> Love is a two way street, but it doesn't have to have two cars on it.
>
> -- S

> You only go around twice so you might as well reach for all the ketchup you can.
>
> -- S

> What is the point of life is you don't enjoy it?
>
> -- S

> Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
>
> -- A. Einstein

> We have never found anything the Soviets have successfully hidden.
>
> -- Amron Katz

> Everone is ignorant, only on different subjects.
>
> -- W. Rogers

> Souls are not for walking on.
>
> -- M. Forbes

> People who don't get carried away should be.
>
> -- M. Forbes

> Never say die until you've done it.
>
> -- M. Forbes

> Everybody has to be somebody to somebody to be anybody.
>
> -- M. Forbes

> The ultimate in optimism: Confidence that there is no next world.
>
> -- M. Forbes

> Laugh and the world laughs with you, cry and the world laughs at you.
>
> -- ?

> If you sit on your hands, you break your fingers.
>
> -- S

> If life gives you lemons make lemonade.
>
> -- ?

> To succeed we must try.
>
> -- ?

> Always look on the bright side of life.
>
> -- E. Idle

> Life would be awfully boring if there was no future.
>
> -- L. Korgie

> Nothing exists except Adams and empty space everything else is opinion
>
> -- Democritus

> The only place crap should be spread is in the fields.
>
> -- S

> Lfe is its own answer, except it and enjoy it day by day.
>
> -- R. Bradbury, Martian Chronicles

> A good life is hard work.
>
> -- S

> It isn't that you got time goes too slow it's that events happen to infrequently
>
> -- S

> The only things that have a 100% chance of happening are the things that have already happened.
>
> -- ?

> Space is full
>
> -- S

> 'Tis is better to light a candle than curse the darkness
>
> -- B. Franklin

> If the Almighty didn't want it that way it wouldn't be that way. If he is Almighty, he would make the world his way. If he is on Mighty, who are we to decide what he wants?
>
> -- S


> Believing is the most powerful thing in the universe. If someone believes something (within physical limitations) through and through it can be done!
>
> -- S

> Life would be a bowl of dry Cheerios if there was no danger.
>
> -- S

> The Schultz-Wardinkle Phenomenon: The universe is constantly disappearing and reappearing somewhere else at a constant velocity.
>
> -- Schultz, Wardinkle

> The trail you blaze follows after you
>
> -- L. Korgie

> It's harder to get into trouble with your mouth shut.
>
> -- S

> No one wins at War.
>
> -- R. Bradbury, Dandelion Wine

> Backlund's Law of Theater: If anything good happens you planned it that way.
>
> -- D. Backlund

> The Wardinkle optimistic law of theater. there are no shitty seats
>
> -- Wardinkle

> Success is 99% attitude.
>
> -- W. Peterson

> There is no try!
>
> -- Yoda, Empire Strikes Back

> If you fail to believe, you fail
>
> -- Yoda, Empire Strikes Back

> One who fails to plan, plans to fail.
>
> -- ?

> The meek shall inherit the earth. Homo sapiens are not the meek.
>
> -- S

> It is clearly evident to me that man was not meant to rule the Earth with his senseless destruction of himself and his life giving planet. It is obvious that man does not have the common sense to use the power in his hands.
>
> -- S

> reason and religion are like vinegar and oil
>
> -- S

> It is better to have tried and lost than to never have tried at all
>
> -- S

> And woe to him who first recovers his senses.
>
> -- A. Strindberg, A Dream Play

> If someone asks for him, say he had business in another world.
>
> -- ?, Life's a Bitch

> A blind man knows no race
>
> -- S

> People who live in glass houses have faded couches.
>
> -- ?

> One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
>
> -- A. Milne

> Always there remains portions of our heart in which no one is able to enter, invite them as we may okay
>
> -- M. D. Thayer

